Indians who were former migrants and
only spoke their own native languages so
when these non-english speakers were
introduced to Standard English they
influenced English with their own native
languages molding it into what we know
today as Singlish like any other
language Singlish has its own sets of
rules and vocabulary you can use
Singlish to get your points across
faster with lesser words for example in
standard English you would say seems
like it is going to rain today I think
it would be best for you to bring an
umbrella out which comes to a total of
21 words whereas when you use English
you could say